I think it's justified to conversations that occurred between themselves.
I think it follows very simply that they should not deny the opportunity to present in evidence.
The written record of telephone conversation between themselves.
And I sincerely hope that the executive branch will understand the distinction I am now making.
I'm not talking about possible conversations for the moment between Mr. Adams and Mr. Stephen
and people within the executive branch who are not party to this conversation.
But for the moment I am referring to conversations that took place between the principles.
I think it's an important distinction and I do hope that the executive branch will realize the simple justice of that distinction.
I also believe that some of the McClellan has just stated that if we're going to handle these telephone conversations, the monitored conversation in an orderly fashion,
let's do it so there will not be any questions later.
All of the testimony going into this record is under oath and I think that these conversations, the monitored conversation, should likewise be submitted under oath.
I'm sure that we can expedite the proceedings, Mr. Chairman, that is done without delay and I hardly second the emotion that Mr. Chair has read the motion later.
The thing with Stephen is that it's not going to give me permission to speak by it to the motion.
The thing with Stephen is that it's not going to take an over to Chair now.
A big one.
I guess Chairman, I certainly have no one in here.
No, I know that I was kind of curious to know how that happened.
First, we happened to recognize the design.
I think it is a bad use of laying the term no front and they go with this Chair but I don't want to have to chair if I can occasion.
I need all of that.
I'm signing.
Mr. Chairman, with respect to my monitor, Lieutenant Telephone calls, which the Council for this Committee has now given me, which I have read.
I would like to, at this time, present my position.
Secretary Stevens and General Ridgeway came to see me.
They told me, or rather Secretary Stevens specifically told me, that the action of this Committee was hurting the morality army in this country and all over the world.
He reminded me that I was a member of the armed services committee and without getting into any detail and the Secretary of the Army,
he asked for my help.
And I did my best to give him the best advice that I could.
The next day I find that my first monitor call was one from him in which he told me that he had been subpoenaed and asked my advice.
And my unfortunate problem at that time, who is the next day or two days later, was that I was leaving for Europe with Senator Ridge, on a bipartisan investigation of our setup in Europe, and therefore I told him that I would do my best for Senator McCarthy and the staff and the Committee itself to present any hearing with respect to the Army.
Until I returned in two weeks.
Now it would be possible that some of my calls might be missed and screwed.
I believe I call in the next day myself in the York after reading something in the paper that was the day I did leave for Europe.
I believe it would be possible that some of my calls might be missed and screwed unless they were put into the record.
Along with the calls which were made to Mr. Stevens by Senator McCarthy in the staff, specifically the reason that Secretary Stevens called me, the first time was the result of a telephone conversation that he had with Senator McCarthy, or at least that is what he told me in the call.
Now Mr. Chairman, I have in front of me a document which I am allowed to read into the record for the approval of the Chairman and its state.
The undersigned hereby consent to the introduction and evidence of transcripts of all monitor telephone calls between Secretary of the Army, Robert C. Stevens or John G. Adams on the one hand.
And Senator Joseph Pharmacari, Roy M. Cohn, Francis P. Carr, or G. David Shine on the other hand.
And transcripts of all monitor calls between the above mentioned Stevens and Adams and members of the Senate permanent subcommittee on investigation, whose signatures are fur or fixed below.
This agreement to come to effect is when all of the above name printable to the controversy.
Now before the subcommittee shall have signed its consent and it is delivered so signed to the subcommittee council.
Now the first signature is Robert J. Stevens as of May 25th.
The cost of him is John McClellan as of May 26th.
And the next line, John Adams May 25th, the cost of him Charles Potter May 26th.
The next line is Carl Muntz May 26th.
The cost of him every turn is May 26th.
On the next line is 10 AM Jackson May 26th.
On the next line is U.S. time he didn't undate it.
Although I believe I signed it the same day and just did not put in the date.
On the next line is Henry C. Forskine.
Undated although I think he signed it the same day as the other senators.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The chair has no desire to participate a long country for us to be in this.
So I urge this to get his own monetary conversations into the rest now.
If Senator McClellan feels it would be better to go in and do some other basis to have the delupid tricks where they can sit them down.
The chair certainly has no distance with that and if the senator will change his motion to say that we call Mr. Lutkens.
Immediately after lunch as the first witness, we don't lose any time.
And if the second he will do that, certainly the chair will be happy to be interpreting and these monies and calls until after we have Mr. Lutkens.
But if you get it done today, it's on board.
The chairman of our demorning is the lady of the proceedings.
I know that's a spin in the call.
If you want to say something immediately, do something about it.
It's a very nice reason that we're here.
My gratitude to you on the fight for the moment.
I may say that the trouble I would have to leave with three applause when I show no more time going because buying them the record of the first thing or nothing.
All right, it's going to stand out and I need to see if he comes in or we can have a hard life.
Here, the expression from counsel of the committee regarding this matter because I've changed the order to never put him on it through this he's available.
But we're starting from right now.
That's the order.
I think that's the order.
It's all about the same.
You may be 17.
We have a simple motion of special reply to the minister.
He will appear that just as soon as he can arrive, we'll have to send him a step down.
I never thought to listen to him.
We can write here the motion in brief, but it's the final form.
The censors of the motion in the spinal form is made by sending him in column.
Second is the sender's actions.
We'll immediately send him to Lutkens.
Upon his arrival, Mr. Korn will step down.
This will step up and justify under oath.
And while he has given me his appeal and correct copy of these matters, he's monitoring my telephone conversations.
And he will do the same with the Foreign Minister and the McCartan's concerned or anybody else who's requesting to the piece you can go in.
And what the lawyer say is, he's a legal and proper form and that's what I'd like to have in the record.
No, I'll do the part of the file, I have to let you.
The monitor calls where they find the unit and they cross them to so tough to find.
Well, I don't know what I'm going to be here, but I'm going to ask him whether this is a truth.
He will come, but I'm going to ask him if he hears yes, I'm going to read the record.
That's kind of a problem. I'll say if he's no longer reading anyhow.
Well, I'll say if he's shown it to me.
He gave it to me.
I'll say that the senator can most come to the notice this time, and that's a share that I'm taken to settle any issue of conversation or any calls and disputes.
What I'm trying to do is to get those in the record that had gone into the record, get them in the record and go and meet them, fall them in the woods.
And my, this place, my calls and the record, he had read them into the record.
I can't cross examine anybody else out there to make them explain or make any statement about them and might be relevant.
I know, we are a few that did the mayor and the mayor of the victims say that it's correct.
I would like to ask the motion and if it's not, if you will defer reading it then tell me to look at the testifying.
Any further discussion? If not, those in favor the motion say aye.
Aye.
Time for you to know. Motion carries are hand back on matters and calls.
You'll develop them at hand from them at hand. You'll have to say aye.
Thank you.
Chairman, this one suggestion, yes, for that matter.
I'm guessing that remarks to Mr. Wells now are kind of married.
Will you please Mr. Wells, either to kind of marry or one of your age, have not only Mr. Lucas called to come to the office room immediately,
but also Mr. Loan and Mr. Hyde, who I understand, Mr. Tutor, one or more of these monitors, telephone conversations,
the three members of the subcommittee and Mr. Feet.
We owe those three. We all crave it.
Actually, the island's fire, Mr. Jenkins' weather and not you having mine putting this testimony in when there was witness this week here,
or after the interview, Mr. Wells, we have in mind having with the coons that provide some of the frontiers may not be here this afternoon.
At which time Mr. Lucas will be asked to read into the record, so the monitor telephone calls as each senator on this committee to decide.
Mr. Hatton, the head of the head of the conference, is currently the monitor telephone call between the members of this committee and Mr. Feet.
Could I have a further understanding of whether or not the things that are going to look out the appears on the paper from which the weather is coming to go?
No, sir, does not.
Call Mr. Collins.
What type of resistance?
Mr. Chairman, I just read it into the record here with the approval of the chairman.
It's a photostatic copy of the people who are willing to have their calls made a matter of public record.
And I want to say at this time, if I may, that in as much as I'm in a rather peculiar position as he keeps the other senators in that I'm on the armed services committee,
and the strength and morality of the American Army along with the Navy and the Air Force are important part of my function to the senator,
I believe it only fair that as much as Mr. Steven came to me to be a member of the officer's committee,
and as much as the first call that he made to me was made on a conversation he had just had with Senator McCracken,
I believe it only fair that at the same time my calls go into the record which I have now seen,
the calls of the other principals fall for place into the record.
If you get to answer, you fix me with the general review of the lawyer.
Mr. Chairman, may I state this with the chairman?
There is no finding application on the part of any member of the chairman of the committee to introduce the other of his mother-in-law's telephone call.
I think Senator McCracken is entirely correct that the indivisible position doesn't be defined.
The way to introduce these calls is for the foreign testimony of Mr. Lucris.
That motion is this case. The purpose of having Mr. Lucris here now is that it is each individual member of the committee who desires his calls to be introduced.
May the event be a cause to Mr. Lucris and housing interviews as foreign guests.
Mr. Caldwell, you have heard all the people in mind and asked them to be here as soon as they can.
I think Mr. Chairman, if we can get to accomplish a little more expeditious mere Mr. Lucris will have kind of merged.
Is that being done and merged?
Mr. Dacon, the applicant of Colonel Murray makes the confidence that he has done as all people.
I do however wish to say this.
Mr. Lucris takes the stand. It will be the second time he has taken the stand in an effort to put the telephone calls in evidence.
I think when he is on the stand we should settle once and for all what are going in and what are not going in, if any are not going in.
Mr. Caldwell, once again I am sorry, we will have to remind Mr. Welk that the conduct of the hearings in the hands of the committee and our council will welcome your suggestions that we will have to continue to run these committee hearings on the basis of the committee determination.
Mr. Caldwell, which is why I want more on his own transcripts into the record.
Mr. Lucris will be accomplished with anything else he is or not.
Mr. Chairman, I am sure you didn't speak I was talking against that idea, but I do want to say one or two more words defining.
The question of the impassure that the presidential directive on the telephone call is a very heavy question for a lawyer sitting in my position or any lawyer sitting in this court.
As I recall Mr. Jenkins some few days ago there was I think at least a suggestion that you consult the department of justice on this point that the weather there would be any relaxation of the presidential order if one is required to let all of them call to him.
I do not know whether you whether I am entirely correct in that memory or not, but I think perhaps you were.
Any of that may I continue with this. If there is I sit here I know of no modification of the presidential order.
The area of this impassure is something that I would prefer to be measured by a lawyer.
I have a view of what it means, but I would greatly desire television being as wonderful as it is that if the presidential directive is to be interpreted by any lawyer in this court room and Mr. Lucris justifies that the department of justice then they represent the poor to take back responsibility.
Mr. Jenkins, I think the adjutant is quite nice. Mr. Welton, the chair would like to restate his request if you would give the name.
One of the difficulties has been in connection with all of these management telephone calls. There was a teeny the long long time ago.
Long after they were defeated not delivered the president's executive order was issued. In the interim we did not get the call between Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam and Mr. Keith and between General Law and Mr. Adam or Mr. Steve.
They never were delivered even prior to the executive order of the president which is a matter of some concern to members of the commission.
Now in general, it's a racist law of justice and I think this is just an exception about having an attorney general's representative either here or communicating directly with Mr. Jenkins as an exceedingly good one.
The chair would like to ask you whether you think my suggestion has any merit when I suggest that in an effort to break this law of justice you'll be good enough to ask the secretary to ask the attorney general, Donald, whether he will not follow this suggestion made by under my promise and by other members of the committee, third of that and by the chair.
And ask the attorney general not to include in the executive order these few particular phone calls so pertinent to the case. The chair believes if he will not fit Mr. Stevens a little and if he will not get any general down now or no, maybe with the combined nudging will open up this long term and we can proceed.
Will you try? Well, every very repent in line with the most nimble tongue and I have respect for you with the message Mr. Chairman I cannot believe any nut will equally power the nut that you have now delivered by saying what you have said so that over her at some point in the office of the attorney general.
Well, if you would mention that direction I will certainly not just want to write and the office of the attorney general I am now turning to my last work my cost and spend turn on Murray and I am honoring the word.
Oh, not thank you. I think it's important. I want to say this that I am not convinced on their existing decisions on the existing law that consent to both parties.
I'm necessarily required in connection with the release of the telephone call. Now in the Supreme Court decision in 1942, this golden versus the United States.
Well, of course did not pass correctly on this question and it's addictive. The court said the word intercept is used in the Federal Communications Act.
My quote indicates the taking or seizure by way or before arrival at the destination place. It does not ordinarily to note the obtaining of what is to be sent before or at the moment.
It leads the possession of the proposed sender or after or at the moment it comes into possession of the intended receiver reciting certain cases.
The over hearing of a conversation by one sitting in the same room is not interception under the Federal Communications Act according to the Supreme Court in that case.
Now in the United States for Sullivan, which was a decision by Judge Holtzaw in 1953 and I hope the pertinent part of it.
It could hardly have been the intention of Congress to prohibit the practice which is frequently followed for entirely legitimate purposes in which one of the parties to a telephone conversation permits another person generally a secretary to listen to it and to make notes of one of that.
An unequivocal expression on the part of Congress to preclude a person from permitting his secretary to listen to his telephone conversations which seemed to be required in order to stop this practice.
In other words, Judge Holtzaw said that under existing law it would require an active Congress to prohibit this practice that is the intersection by the secretary in the office.
That is exactly the situation we have here. Judge Holtzaw was on to say Congress could not have intended to enact a ban on harmless recognized practices that are in the interest of accuracy and efficiency.
As much as the use of decoys and the employment of artifice and stratagem in the detection of crime has been approved by the Supreme Court's footing-age decision, it would be incongruous and untenable to say that any decoy artifice or stratagem may be used provided is does not involve the telephone.
I want to make this statement at this time because of this matter of introducing the telephone conversation and been kicked around since about the second day of the hearings, Mr. Chairman.
I also want to add that he has prepared a breach and that so has Mr. Wilks. All these cases you have mentioned have been in the breach.
Subsequent to that there has been a circuit court decision by the United States Court of Appeals which is the highest court to have ruled on a so far which have posed a position of Mr. Wilks.
The Sullivan case has already been ruled on Mr. Chairman. The Sullivan case has not been overruled to my knowledge and I also like to add this but we are in an entirely different situation in this proceeding.
This is not involved the introduction of evidence in a court proceeding.
This involves the introduction of modern telephone calls in a congressional adherence.
I realize there is no specific precedent on this point but I think the situation is entirely different in the cases that have been referred to previously.
The Church is here to get on with the request of Mr. Wilks. I would like to ask some very answers to what it's happened.
As the dean of the Navy could have some questions we have.
As the motion on this is going to have Mr. Lucas testify with the one against the hearing agenda.
The hands get to him with numbers of the son of what have been of each defiance on the courts which is concerned with passing of any time.
Mr. Chairman, the fold is a secretary Steven. I am so uncivilized this thing from the standpoint of plain common sense.
The fold is a secretary Steven by Governor Burns, the South Carolina, New Shorten and has monitored his own telephone conversation.
Would it be allowed to use his own monitoring telephone conversation when he came before this committee and make him a part of the record?
We have plenty of realistic problems here. We can call upon the rule upon us to be a hypothetical one.
The council's thinking to say, I think all the Mike had done this patient the rest of you.
I don't believe in any real investigation. There would be no third parties there. Of course he could be put on his own run.
I think my question is far more realistic than some of the legal craft craft we've been listening to this morning.
The president of the federal government is not being alone yet. He's been engaged in any of that.
I'm out of the front of my own body particular in any case. But from the standpoint of common sense, I again it's the council of this committee.
Whether if this is Steven, the secretary of the Army, New Shorten and like we all know Governor New Shorten and like we all know Governor Burns, the South Carolina did,
would he be allowed to introduce his own monitor telephone conversation into a hearing for his integrity was at stake or wasn't there for a chance?
He's a great deal of pleasure to answer the question that Senator signing with.
Thank you.
That senator signing Jim would not come under the category of a monogamous telephone call, a monogamous telephone conversation,
close the idea that some third parties on the line. The questions which are different than presented to the committee and which I might say have been renewed before this committee.
I felt that long since then settled Mr. Wells of the Army, I representing this committee, conferred with respect to the equality or any
of the introduction of monitor telephone calls in our first conversation to the Pentagon long before these hearing started under title 47 section 605 of the United States code.
The way he came to the conclusion that the full monogamous telephone calls could be legally introduced the consent of the parties to that conversation must personally have amethane.
He was so popular in a mission to that senator signing and members of the committee.
I thought of obtain the services of one of the leading law firms in the United States.
That firm beats that case for counsel for the committee. All of the cases cited for Senator Jackson this morning.
We're in that way. I might say that the discreet code of the United States has upheld the opposition Senator Jackson.
I might say that a higher court, the United States circuit court of the police, has upheld the opinion given by Mr. Wells and Mr. Epan incidentally,
and I'm not talking about the fact that I'm so for Senator McCarthy. Now there's certainly no disposition on my part and I want to make it perfectly clear to either pose any legal objection to the introduction of these monitor telephone calls.
And I'm sure that protects the sentiments of the members of this committee. I do not want to be a party to a violation of the law.
I don't want any members of this committee as a crime. I am to become a party to a violation of the law.
And I'm sure that protects the sentiments of counsel for the army.
But personally, I wish it were possible to now at this moment. Introduce and present as evidence each and every monitor telephone call.
But I don't think that it is legal to do so. I am sustained by the opinion of lawyers whose opinions are very greatest amount.
I want to add this to Chairman and the United States. That in so far as the person in gray is concerned, the question of the legality or illegality of the introduction of monitored telephone calls is not your main.
It is me. We are now having Mr. Lucas of his two assistance, mouth to this conference room. So that pursuant to Senator McCrelland's motion.
Such members of this committee as so desire may legally introduce the evidence that calls between themselves and the secretary of the army.
Could we say talk? I hope so. The members of this committee they care to have their monitor telephone calls made public.
We could read the monitor calls and record this time. And when Mr. Lucas saw members of this, a peer before the committee, they then conswer to the call.
Mr. Clayton, if I could do that, Senator McCrelland, that's the other procedure. I am not sure about that, but if it makes it legal, I want to do it that way.
Senator Alexander Simecelin, I greatly respect the opinion of the distinguished council of this committee.
I believe he will seek water, my counsel, however, in that our council for the mine OV has greater respect the council for the mine already disagreed with.
I also have an informal break, which I will get in the form of a formal break, from one of the great law firms of the United States, which says in their opinion that the position taken by the council in this case,
wrong, and I know he agreed with me that lawyers can disagree. Now with respect to my telephone calls, I want to make my position very clear.
Senator McCrelland, the minute that you put your calls in, and as much as Secretary Steven's call to me, was based on your calls in him, I believe within a matter of minutes, based on what I have now seen.
After a minute that you put your calls in, I would be glad to put mine in. I feel sure the senator would not want me to put mine in.
I will be glad to put my calls in at the time that you, Mr. Cohn, and Mr. Cohn, put your calls in.
No, I say that all principles I am a little surprised and were deemed to be such a great interest on the plot of you and the Republican members of this committee to get the telephone calls of the committee members as a gain for telephone calls of the French of the day.
You put a minute that every principle in this case, Senator McCrelland, Mr. Cohn, put their calls in, I will be very glad to put mine in at the same minute.
Mr. Cohn, there is such a room as an offer and an acceptance. I will accept Mr. Cohn, the original offer with the chair and with the floor.
I will be very glad to put your calls in at the same minute.
Mr. Cohn, there is such a room as an offer and an acceptance.
Mr. Cohn, there is such a room as an acceptance.
Mr. Cohn, there is such facilitating, there is such a room as an acceptance.
Senator Merrick, there is such a room as an acceptance.
Mr. Cohn, there is such an accepting.
Mr. Chair, I take this as a call.
We're a very important to be allowed to stay here.
I did you address the chair, but we can't just be interrupting the procedure.
You know that's under time. Do you have a member of Parliament, great body?
I want to thank the Chair.
I will let you guys do it now.
Continue to thank you for an hour.
No, no, no.
The Assembly has argued with each other.
Mr. Chair, I'd like to thank Mr. Cohn to make happy you're a minute.
I certainly may have got your little answer.
If you want to ask me, you'll do me a do so.
I certainly appreciate the Chair.
I'm sorry, Ruling.
I sat here enough for an hour.
I'll listen to your statements.
I'm interupt at anyone.
And as a assignment from the district, let me finish my statement of a graduate.
He made the statement in the record as clear here, I believe, that the reason he wouldn't
put in his call is because of the space upon a call made to me.